[Music]
seven effective exercises to get rid of
side and back fat we often forget about
our backs simply because you can't see
it we don't notice how we slouch
depriving the muscles of physical
activity as a result they become slack
and annoying souls appear perform are
simple but effective exercises regularly
for two to three weeks to tone up your
back muscles here is the first exercise
forward bend
stand straight with feet shoulder-width
apart then lean forward without bending
your knees try to get the floor with
your hands do 2 to 3 sets of 10 to 15
reps and you'll see impressive results
pretty soon the second one is side bend
again
stand straight with feet shoulder-width
apart raise one hand up and put the palm
on the back of your head take a dumbbell
in your other hand and lower it down
then make short bends towards your arm
with the dumbbell do 3 sets of 15 to 20
reps to get rid of fold on your side's
quickly the third exercise push-ups
push-ups are one of the best exercises
to tone your back muscles first get into
a high plank position shift your center
of gravity to your arms lower your body
spending your arms at the elbows then
return to the initial position 2 to 3
sets of 20 to 30 push-ups are all you
need to make your back strong the fourth
exercise bow pose lie on your stomach
and pull your arms forward bend your
back lifting your head arms and legs up
then grab your ankles take a deep breath
and stay in this position for a few
seconds while exhaling relax the muscles
and return to the initial position do a
set of 20 to 60 seconds regularly and
you'll notice the changes very soon
the fifth one is Superman first flying
your stomach and shut your arms and leg
raise both legs and arms at the same
time bending your back stay in this
position for a few seconds then return
to the initial position do three to four
sets of fifteen to twenty reps and in no
time
you look like Superman himself the sixth
exercise upper back lifts on a stability
ball lie on your stomach on the ball
place your legs shoulder-width on the
floor and your hands on the back of your
head raise and lower your shoulders and
upper back while keeping your neck
straight you wanted to set a twelve to
fifteen reps to get a nice gripped back
the last exercise is called bridge this
exercise is extremely effective but it
may be dangerous to do without
preparation start performing the bridge
only a couple of weeks after regular
workouts with the previous exercises
first lie on your back with your knees
bent press your palms to the floor above
your head gently lift your hips and
shoulders up bending your back hold at
the highest point for a few seconds
gently lower your back to the floor to
return to the initial position do about
one to two sets of three to five seconds
and say goodbye to all those nasty folds
did you find this video beneficial then
give it a thumbs up it's really
important for us if you're visiting our
channel for the first time click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]